README.md, before:

# Visual Gesture Control for Anthropomorphic Hand Gripper

This research uses a visual pipeline with MediaPipe and OpenCV to control a soft hand gripper.

**Made by Nikhil Shokeen @ Worcester Polytechnic Institute Soft Robotics Lab (WPI)**  
**Mentor: Neehal Sharrma**

![Pipeline](Pipeline.png)

## Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.8+
- Arduino IDE
- Webcam
- Arduino Uno + Servo Motors + PWM Driver

### Setup
1. Clone repository
2. Run `./setup.sh`
3. Install dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
4. Upload `arduino_servo_control.ino` to Arduino
5. Run: `python hand_tracking_robot.py`

## Documentation
- [Hardware Setup](wiki/Hardware-Setup.md)
- [Software Installation](wiki/Software-Installation.md)
- [Troubleshooting](wiki/Troubleshooting.md)
- [Technical Specs](wiki/Technical-Specifications.md)

## Project Structure
```
├── hand_tracking_robot.py      # Main application
├── arduino_servo_control.ino   # Arduino code
├── requirements.txt            # Dependencies
├── wiki/                       # Documentation
└── setup.sh                    # Setup script
```

## Contributing
1. Fork repository
2. Create feature branch
3. Make changes
4. Submit pull request

## License
This project is developed at Worcester Polytechnic Institute (WPI) for research purposes.

## Acknowledgments
- **MediaPipe** team for hand tracking technology
- **Adafruit** for PWM servo driver library
- **OpenCV** community for computer vision tools
- **WPI Robotics Engineering Department**

---

**For technical support or questions, please contact:**
- **Nikhil Shokeen** - [shokeen24nikhil@gmail.com]
- **WPI Soft Robotics Lab**

Commit message:

Fix README documentation links and add setup note

README.md, after:

# Visual Gesture Control for Anthropomorphic Hand Gripper

This research uses a visual pipeline with MediaPipe and OpenCV to control a soft hand gripper.

**Made by Nikhil Shokeen @ Worcester Polytechnic Institute Soft Robotics Lab (WPI)**  
**Mentor: Neehal Sharrma**

![Pipeline](Pipeline.png)

## Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.8+
- Arduino IDE
- Webcam
- Arduino Uno + Servo Motors + PWM Driver

### Setup
1. Clone repository
2. Run `./setup.sh`
3. Install dependencies: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
4. Upload `arduino_servo_control.ino` to Arduino
5. Run: `python hand_tracking_robot.py`

## Documentation
- [Hardware Setup](wiki/Hardware-Setup.md)
- [Software Installation](wiki/Software-Installation.md)
- [Troubleshooting](wiki/Troubleshooting.md)
- [Technical Specs](wiki/Technical-Specifications.md)

> **Note**: After cloning, run `./setup.sh` to initialize the wiki documentation submodule.

## Project Structure
```
├── hand_tracking_robot.py      # Main application
├── arduino_servo_control.ino   # Arduino code
├── requirements.txt            # Dependencies
├── wiki/                       # Documentation
└── setup.sh                    # Setup script
```

## Contributing
1. Fork repository
2. Create feature branch
3. Make changes
4. Submit pull request

## License
This project is developed at Worcester Polytechnic Institute (WPI) for research purposes.

## Acknowledgments
- **MediaPipe** team for hand tracking technology
- **Adafruit** for PWM servo driver library
- **OpenCV** community for computer vision tools
- **WPI Robotics Engineering Department**

---

**For technical support or questions, please contact:**
- **Nikhil Shokeen** - [shokeen24nikhil@gmail.com]
- **WPI Soft Robotics Lab**
